Last Updated: 12/14/23

Welcome to @buse These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of any @buse products("@buse", "abuse", or the "Service", or "Services") provided by @buse("we," "us," or "our"). By accessing, downloading, injecting, using our site, connecting to our web server/downloading anything from our web CDN, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with these Terms, please do not use our Service.

    License
    Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use our Services

    Restrictions
    In using @buse, you agree not to:

a. Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, debug, crack, unpack, devirtualize, ddos/dos our servers/cdn, or otherwise attempt to discover or modify the source code or underlying algorithms of @buse.

b. Use @buse for any illegal activities, including but not limited to redistribution of our service, the distribution of malware, hacking tools, or other malicious software.

    Intellectual Property
    All rights, including all intellectual property such as, Code, Executables, DLLS, Algorithms, are owned by @buse.
  
    Information Collection
    We contain the right to collect information about your computer. This may or may not include hardware identification(HWID), windows username, your local time, your ip address.
    
    Termination
    We may terminate or suspend your access to @buse immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of these Terms. Upon termination, your right to use @buse will immediately cease(Blacklist). You may also terminate your access to @buse at any time by discontinuing your use of the Service.

    We may also suspend all access to any of our Services at anytime. A "Lifetime" payment is the "Lifetime" of the project, not the users "Lifetime"("lifetime").

    Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
    @buse is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties, express or implied. We disclaim all warranties, including any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. In no event shall we be liable for any damages, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with your use of @buse, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

    Changes to Terms
    We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. Your continued use of @buse after any changes to these Terms will constitute your acceptance of the modified Terms.